hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert today we're talking
about the 2016 space film passengers so
let's get started
the film opens with the starship avalon
transporting roughly 5,000 passengers
and hibernation pods to the planet
homestead to a journey that should take
120 years however 30 years into the
journey the ship passes through a meteor
storm which leads to multiple
malfunctions including waking Jim
Preston a mechanical engineer who has
woken up 90 years before their arrival
jim is unable to re-enter stasis and
realizes that he will have to live out
his days alone on the ship and most
likely will die before they reach the
destination
Jim becomes quite depressed after being
alone for a year only able to talk to
the Android bartender Arthur and
contemplates suicide Jim then notices
the video profile of another passenger
named Aurora Layne and discovers that
she is a writer Jim decides to awaken
her from her stasis claiming that her
pod must have also malfunctioned
Aurora is devastated at the realization
that she will grow old and die before
the ship reaches its destination she
eventually accepts her fate and serves
to write a book about her experience and
her in Jim start to fall in love after
year alone together the Android Arthur
accidentally reveals that Jim woke
Aurora from stasis in her pod had not
actually malfunctioned Aurora becomes
extremely upset even attacks Jim
eventually another pod fails awakening
the chief deck officer Gus with Gus's
security clearance the three passengers
discovered that the ship is experiencing
multiple system failures and a total
destruction is imminent unless the ship
is repaired
Gus however was severely damaged when
his pod malfunctioned and discovers that
he only has a few short hours to live so
he gives his ID badge to Jim and Aurora
so that they can access the ship and
repair it they discovered that the
damage occurred from the meteor
collision two years earlier and that the
computer controlling the fusion reactor
was damaged causing the ships to Mel
function the damaged module is replaced
but the vent for the reactor must be
manually open from the ship's exterior
Jim goes outside the ship invents the
reactor but is blasted back and his
tether snaps
he begins floating into space but Aurora
retrieves him and uses the ship's
machines to resuscitate him
Aurora forgives Jim and the two of them
stay together the film then transitions
to 88 years later as the crew began to
awaken the crew find a small house with
Aurora's book of her and Jim's life
together inside so that was the spoilers
for passengers if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check us out
on our various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching